In this module, we had a look at background synchronization, a super important feature since it allows
us to enhance our applications such that we can even send requests, send data if we are offline. Prior
to this module,
we could only read it,
now everything is possible
and this of course unlocks many possibilities in your next project too.
You can make sure that you store data and send it once connectivity is back, to provide the best possible
user experience.
Keep in mind on Chrome for Android for example, this even works if your browser is closed because a background
process keeps on running and will make sure that the data gets synchronized.
That's just amazing,
so definitely use it.